
# Student Mobility Handler
## Opis domene
Currently, the process of sending students through the ERASMUS program is lengthy and involves a lot of circulation of documents. The student submits the application form to FPA, which confirms it and then sends it to the EOSM administrator. When the EOSM administrator confirms i FPA sends them a form about the ECTS credits and recognition that the student is enrolled in that faculty. Based on that, the EOSM administrator sends the student a form with possible choices of foreign faculties. The student sends the EOSM administrator a form with their choices and a priority list. Based on that, the EOSM administrator offers the student their final choice, which the student can accept or reject.
A software for handling ERASMUS students would reduce the complexity of the process and decrease the circulation of physical documents. This would significantly speed up the process and the software could create reports and display statistics that previously had to be done manually.
## Specifikacija projekta
The software must have a data input function and a corresponding view function. The software must also have a function to accept or reject forms, as well as a function to send email notifications when the form status changes while it is being processed. There may be three different roles with different access levels, so a login function is required for the system. It is necessary to have a function to display statistics and create reports based on statistics or other data in the system.
